Process of starting a Figure Logic Game:
BOARD SETUP:
1) Establish Board Size (x && y)
    a) all cells will start off as dead cells

FIGURE SETUP:
2) Ask User for Figures,
    a) across first
    b) then down
    c) when the number of grid tiles divided by the unique origin cell count is between 2 and 3
    start asking if they're done? (this is taken to be the average ratio, fell between 2.1, and 2.9)
    d) when across count, and down count are mostly even-- also start asking if they're done?

    TODO: should honestly just create an interface for someone to fill in!

ASSOCIATE FIGURES WITH BOARD CELLS:
3) When all figures are entered, take lengths, and string across the board using their length and
direction...
    a) all the starting cells associated with the figures will be labelled as an 'origin'
        i) when all origin cells are entered-- they will be numbered based off whether they are a unique origin cell or
        not-- (figures that share a starting cell will be numbered the same)
        ii) each figure will then be given a unique identifier, based on the direction, and which cell they originate from
        e.g. an across cell that originates from the origin 3 will be given 'a3', a down cell originating from 4 will be 'd4'

    POPULATE REMAINING CELLS FROM THE ORIGINS OF FIGURES:
    b) using the length and direction of the figures, the cells stringing off the origin up to figure length will be labelled
    'live' and will be associated with a figure's unique identifier... i.e. if an across figure has origin of [0,0],
    length 3, origin count of 1-- then the cells associated with 'a1' will be: [0,0], [1,0], [2,0]!

    CONSTRUCT DICTIONARY OF FIGURES ON THE BOARD:
    c) a dictionary will be constructed using these arrays of associated coordinates with their unique identifier!
    (a dictionary of lists-- good for lookup and comparison)

ASSOCIATE FIGURES ON BOARD WITH ONE ANOTHER USING RELATIONS:
4) now that all figures have unique identifiers we can associate them using characteristics and relating to one another
using a sleugh of relations, using other unique identifiers as input... this will be done until all figures have a relationship

SOLVE PUZZLE USING VARIETY OF STRATEGIES:
solving a hint can fall into several categories:
    - brute force
    - elimination
    -